---
title: You Create Your Opportunities
tags:
  - TheCompoundEffect
---
## Finding opportunities
I think a lot of the times I think that opportunities have to fall into my lap, or I have to be lucky, or I have to be in the right place at the right time. 
Or even that I have to know the right people. Sometimes that is true, but I was reflecting on what I learned in The Compound Effect: that you find what you're looking for.
For example, you start car shopping. You decide that you want a white Toyota RAV4. All of a sudden, you see these cars everywhere. 
On the streets and in parking lots, you notice them; even your neighbor down the street has one. 
These cars have always been there, you just weren't consciously noticing them. You find what you're looking for. 
You think opportunities are scarce, but in reality, they are everywhere. 
What you focus on and want is what you get out, and you create your own luck.

## How do I apply this?
- You want to have my professional realtionships. Instead of ignoring them, you go talk to them, introduce yourself, or message them on LinkedIn and thank them. [[Professional Networking]]
- You want to get to know the "Market" better. Now as you drive, you notice land and real estate deals.
- You want to see what companies have good sales, you all of a sudden start noticing the different ads on instagram
- You want to understand why a certain stock is up, you start following them and their news.

## Questions
- Why is it so hard to do this practice?
- What opportunities am I looking for currently?

## What opportunities am I looking for currently?
- Employment
- New friends
- More income
- Growth in stature and spirituality
